This directory contains code to support creation and use of equation
of state (EOS) tables based upon an unstructured triangular
representation.

************************************************************************
* File information
************************************************************************

1) The core table infrastructure:

This is built into the utri library and contains the files:

eosdatapoints.c
eosdatapoints.h
ncstatus.h
utri_eos_rptree.c
utri_eos_support.c
utri_eos_support.h

2) MIG interface support:

Support for installing the EOS table reader in a code which supports
the MIG interface is found in the files:

fortran_link.h
mig_c_fun.f
mig_c_fun_wrap.c
mig_c_fun_wrap.h
utri_eos_ncstatus.c

3) Triangulation support:

Support for performing Delaunay triangulations is found in the files:

deltribound2.C
deltribound.h
sweep_hull_delaunay.C
sweep_hull_delaunay.h

This capability is used in the table generation code.

4) Table format test writer and reader

Two simple programs test the writing and reading of the netcdf format
table. These are the tl and ti programs which involve the following
source files (in addition to the files in (1-3)):

tricreate.c
testinterp.c
std_ncstatus.c
mig_routines.f

5) Minimization routine dmnfb

The minimization routine dmnfb from the PORT library is included in
the directory port-dmnfb, as well as supporting routines.

6) EOS table generation code:

The program bt generates EOS tables in the utri format. The following
source files are used (in addition to those of 1, 3, and 5 and the eos
library):

buildtables.C
BMesh.C
BMesh.h
TriMesh.C
TriMesh.h
Tri.h
Node.h
RMesh.C
RMesh.h

The bt program takes as input a model specification, a table
containing samples of the varied model parameters, and a desired
tabulation tolerance. A topology is generated for the first parameter
set in the table and then subsequent parameter sets are tabulated on
that topology. The first table is guaranteed to meet the tolerance
criteria. Attempts are made to ensure the other tables also meet this
criteria, but they may not always succeed. A pair of
density-temperature and density-energy tables is output for each of
the input parameter sets.

7) EOS table visualization code:

A simple code to read in an EOS table and generate data for
visualization is included in the file:

tableviz.C

It depends on std_ncstatus.c and the utri library. It takes as input
two command line parameters, the table file name and the type of table
(1 for r,t 2 for r,e). It outputs a sample grid of table evaluations
as well as the set of triangles which the table defines.

************************************************************************
* Installation of reader in a host code
************************************************************************

All files listed above in the core table infrastructure and MIG
support sections (1 and 2) must be kept in sync between this
repository and the host install location. In addition, the host will
need to implement the appropriate high-level MIG interface wrappers to
call the utri routines.

